CONTENT: EIC guide updates (#112)
pyOpenSci/contributing-guide: open-source-software-submissions/intro.md

TIME: ~3 weeks 

### 5. Author response to reviews

At this point the authors should respond to the review. We prefer that authors
respond within 2 weeks of the submitted review. We also understand that it may 
take longer to actually implement the changes requested in the review. But we
request that authors respond to reviews to acknowledge
that they have seen them.

The reviewers are encouraged to open pull requests and issues in to help the 
maintainers update their package.

### 6. Often there is some back and forth between reviewers and maintainers at this step

There is no specified duration for this period. Rather as long as all 
parties are responsive within 2 weeks the review shall continue until the author has completed work addressing the reviews.

### 7. Package acceptance

Once the maintainers have completed updating the package, the assigned editor 
will ask the reviewers if they are happy with changes made. At this point the 
editor performs one last check on the package. And accepts it if that is appropriate.
 
 Now, there are a few final cleanup activities including adding a pyOpenSci

>  badge to the package README file. And releasing a reviewed version on GitHub. The package is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 badge to the package README file, and creating a new release on GitHub from the reviewed version. The package is
```
